op
I 'm just
love
the good so I with my odd skin already
with sunscreen like I already told
sometimes I use this sunscreen
ultra- dry filter is what leaves the
skin much longer and
So I know that my bad baby is here.
at that time bed for the baby client
the acne protection factor 20 why
I use sunscreen before I think
you need to use a protective
before him also is he promises to
coverage leave a natural finish
it is anti acne moisturizes the skin and does not
make proud
taste very very good and excellent and
then there
Ok you check it out, I'll apply one.
here is a little finger
so the stadium and support some points
Okay, look at his color compared to
my skin is it's not a kiss anymore
it is bumpy as for the frequent and
more rosy like that
al
when we see
the spanish well
so you can see those who have a
Really nice coverage but it was very natural
a very thin layer
If you want to pick up and put a
a little more product
so if I want in some points the
I'll pick up here a little bit more
I come from some agencies I think
I want a little more than
roof
then that here I do not know but I think
does not have tonality is this the only color
at least when I went to buy I did not have
color option
I bought and it worked
my tone I wore even when I was
A little bit darker, it worked.
despite giving you coverage until good
so it does not look like you 're
with a product on the skin looks very natural
so cool and very soft and so the
continued sardines today can not
sbp it does not have such a high coverage
point to cover fully all okay and
now I'm going to use a concealer here that is the
of light pro mine in color number 10 with a
Dude, I'll explain myself.
I think you need
the pimples here on the forehead
corrective number 12 of the gallas also
robocop with it here under the eye
just to soften this one
bag that we have in the morning when
wake up, er
Now I really like wearing it and it 's not
use powder with co
the whole are 10 nac of Revlon which is a
meeting mate kant looks alone
Just give a brush stroke already has a
corrected on the eyebrow practically
showing products that use favors
huh
I'm using here in solid england
milani I apply it thus diagonally and
already doing the contour effect with
he brings the leftover leftover forward
I'll leave it well so not too loaded
and I like to mess with this is what it is
the girl in europe
so I actually prepare skin
so every day my ritual is this self
I use almost every day the
baby that you can not be the
better day by day for you to look at
story that you have enjoyed the
Lynch reader review is there in the
blog I'll leave the link here for you
and this is what I will do my eyes and
although working a super kiss and even
more sign up here on channel channel